README.md, before:

# Single-Cell Portal

Hello and thank you for using the Single-Cell Portal. We hope the portal will contribute to open science by enabling visualizing and sharing scientific insight and data surrounding single-cell RNA-Seq.

Thank you for being a part of this open science effort!

## Site URL
To visit the portal please go to: https://portals.broadinstitute.org/single_cell

## Tutorials
For tutorials and descriptions of files please go to: https://github.com/broadinstitute/single_cell_portal/wiki

## Convenience Scripts
Scripts to help when working with data files for the portal are made available in this repo and require __python 3.X__. Using these scripts to verify the format of input files can be found at https://github.com/broadinstitute/single_cell_portal/wiki/File-Definitions .

To download:   
use the download button at https://github.com/broadinstitute/single_cell_portal   

To clone using git in a command line terminal:
```
git clone https://github.com/broadinstitute/single_cell_portal.git
```

## Reporting Bugs and Improvements
To report a bug or suggest an improvement please create a new issue at: https://github.com/broadinstitute/single_cell_portal/issues

## Need Help?

Email us at single_cell_portal@broadinstitute.org

Happy Science!!!

The Single-Cell Portal Team

Commit message:

adding requirements information for running python scripts

README.md, after:

# Single-Cell Portal

Hello and thank you for using the Single-Cell Portal. We hope the portal will contribute to open science by enabling visualizing and sharing scientific insight and data surrounding single-cell RNA-Seq.

Thank you for being a part of this open science effort!

## Site URL
To visit the portal please go to: https://portals.broadinstitute.org/single_cell

## Tutorials
For tutorials and descriptions of files please go to: https://github.com/broadinstitute/single_cell_portal/wiki

## Convenience Scripts
Scripts to help when working with data files for the portal are made available in this repo and require __python 3.X__. Using these scripts to verify the format of input files can be found at https://github.com/broadinstitute/single_cell_portal/wiki/File-Definitions .
We recommend using [`virtualenv`](https://virtualenv.pypa.io/en/stable/) for managing package dependencies, which are listed in `requirements.txt`

To download:   
use the download button at https://github.com/broadinstitute/single_cell_portal   

To clone using git in a command line terminal:
```
git clone https://github.com/broadinstitute/single_cell_portal.git
```

## Reporting Bugs and Improvements
To report a bug or suggest an improvement please create a new issue at: https://github.com/broadinstitute/single_cell_portal/issues

## Need Help?

Email us at single_cell_portal@broadinstitute.org

Happy Science!!!

The Single-Cell Portal Team
